# premise.md

## tl;dr

You play as a young character in the current era, a castle has mysteriously
appeared in a park of your city. You brother has disapeared inside and you are
now convinced that you're the only one who can get him back. You enter the
castle, and as you expected, also get trapped.

## Premise

You are the younger sibiling of two brothers

You are 12 years old and your brother is 17

You live in a small city in Canada, it is the current year

Life is good, altough the world is full of trouble and problems, your parents
have done a good job of keeping the worries of the world at bay

A large castle has mysteriously appeared overnight, in city's largest park

The castle has a central tower, the dark brick dominates the skyline, clearing
even the tallest skyscrapers in your city

You and your brother decide to go take a look, after your parents explicitly
told you not to

Clearly the local mayor is upset, and everyone is confused

Rumors swirl around, some people saying this is an elaborate terrorist
attack... on the parks

There are police around the castle, but you both manage to slip past the very
secure plastic tape going around the perimiter

You walk down the cobblestone path, you're certain it wasn't here before

No one seems to notice you and your brother, though the sun is high and the day
is clear

Excited, your brother takes off in a sprint, you try to keep up

You pass through one gate, then another

As your brother approaches the castle entrance, the large castle doors begin to
groan and creak

Your brother halts, and you finally catch up to him

Slowly the doors open, until there's just enough room for a person to pass
through

You feel the fine hairs on the back of your neck stand on end, and suddenly you
wish you hadn't come here

Your brother seems to hesitate as well, everything is still except your
breathing and heart beat

You try to say, "we should go back", but the words are muddled, your lips
barely moving. All that you let is a barely audible murmmer

Then your brother steps forward, and moves up the stairs.

You shake off your reluctance and follow, though not so keen on keeping up this
time.

Your brother passes through the door, you are a few paces behind

A sound behind you catches your ear, you turn and see a police officer shouting
at you

The doors slam shut, your brother inside. You jump startled, then in alarm run
up to the doors and try to pry them open again

The officer catches up, having seen what just happened she also tries to pry
open the door with you

You hear muffled voice of your brother go from confusion to alarm, and then
panic

The officer shouts through the door, assuring him that they'll get him out of
there quickly, she then radios for help

The officer asks you if you have a cell phone you should call your parents, you
do not, but you have your parent's number memorized, you tell her the number.

The calls your parents and tells you they'll be here soon. You then remember
your brother has a cell phone, and tell her his number.

She calls it, he does not answer. You do not hear the phone ring through the
door, her face grows concerned by this.

You sit down and wait, knowing that you're going to be in a lot of trouble.
This thought pushes out your concern for your brother for a moment

Finally two firemen with some equipment arrive, you want to stay, but the
officer escorts you away to meet your parents

To your suprise you mother is not angry, and instead asks if you're alright,
and asks where your brother is.

When you say he's stuck inside, your father rushes past you down the path. You
hear the sound of machines fighting against the door

Your mother takes you home, then heads back out to the castle.

They don't come home till the next morning, your mother has clearly been
crying.

One day passes, then another. The disapearance of your brother becomes national
news, crews of various trades work around the clock to try to breach the
castle, but it gives no ground.

Another day passes, there are rumors of strange things walking through the
night, silloutes seen at the edge of street light. Mist flows over the castle's
permiteter walls and through its gate, spilling into the city.

That evening you catch the mist crawling down your street, it fills the street,
then reaches up the sidewalk, flowing to where you stand.

You reach down to touch it.

Its cold, very cold. The chill runs up your arm and into your body. You pull
your hand away in shock.

Without taking your eyes off the mist, you open the door to your house and go
inside.

That night you have a dream, a dream you don't remember, but the feeling
lingers. Your brother is still alive, and no one but you can find him. Even
your 12 year old brain is smart enough to dimiss this as nonsense, but the
thought keeps naging at you.

At school you hear about more disapearances, and several students are absent
that day. That afternoon the government issued an emergency alert requesting
that individuals stay inside at night unless it was absolutely necessary to be
out.

Laying in your bed, staring at the moon, you make a decision. Perhaps the worst
decision you've made yet. You put some snacks and your brother's baseball bat
into your backpack. You put on some warm clothes, and slip out the window with
your backpack and your brother's baseball bat.

Despite your size, minimal strength, and just a general lack of skill or
ability, you feel confident and determined as you make your way through the
night.

The mists haven't come up to this street yet for some reason, but you see it
ahead of you.

Your toe hits the mist first, you feel that same terrible chill as before. It
does not slow you.

After an hour of walking, you reach the park. You thought there would be people
here working to get to the bottom of this castle mystery, and get your brother
out. There is no one.

You walk past parked vehicles, equipment, and scattered lights left by the
workers that *should* be here, and walk down the cobblestone path once more.

When the castle doors come into sight they are wide open, and appear undamaged.

You pick up a nearby flashlight, and head in.

The doors close behind you.

---

Copyright CosmicBagel 2024
